{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 11 Feb 2020: \
DONE - ToDo: Using cheat button in View model and view -> DONE 13 Feb 2020\
DONE - ToDo: Work on game flow... changing cards to wasUsed -> DONE 15 Feb 2020\
DONE - ToDo: Block Dealing cards if there are already three (or two) matching sets dealt. \
DONE - ToDo: Should I fix the aspect ratio??? -> DONE 16 Feb 2020 \
\
13 Feb 2020: \
DONE - ToDo: Transition from LaunchView to GameView should come from opacity not right side appearance -> DONE 18 Feb 2020\
ToLearn: Snapshot Testing for UI screenshots\
ToLearn: Protocol programming for testing of private vars and methods\
\
15 Feb 2020:\
DONE - ToDo: Added Haptics for wrong selection -> DONE 15 Feb 2020\
DONE - ToDo: Bug Fix: Animation of cheat does not always work? -> DONE 20 Feb 2020\
\
16 Feb 2020:\
ToDo: Squiggle padding for landscape\
DONE - ToDo: Fix location function of gridconstructor, to place cards in the middle of the available width -> DONE 17 Feb 2020\
\
17 Feb 2020:\
DONE - ToDo: Bug Fix: Card Aspect Ratio does not adjust when changing from landscape to portrait and backforth. -> DONE 17 Feb 2020\
DONE - ToDo: Does not fill out the full space, especially in landscape, rows equal the number of columns? -> DONE 17 Feb 2020\
\
18 Feb 2020:\
DONE - ToDo: Bug Fix: when 9 cards and deal 3 more... opacity animation, not fly in? -> DONE 20 Feb 2020\
DONE: - ToDo: Matched with explosion style and not springing.. but scale. -> DONE 20 Feb 2020\
DONE - ToDo: Refactor GameView -> DONE 20 Feb 2020\
\
19 Feb 2020:\
ToDo: Bug Fix: When dealing more cards, view jumps for a moment and becomes bigger... why? \
ToDo: Bug Fix: 2 cards are three matching sets when cheating? still encounter this problem? \
\
20 Feb 2020:\
DONE - ToDo: First cheating is for free but with warning that next time it costs 5 points of total score -> DONE 20 Feb 2020\
DONE: ToDo: When more than three sets dealing -> warning that dealing would costs 5 points of total score -> DONE 22 Feb 2020\
DONE: ToDo: Creating score adjustment -> DONE 20 Feb 2020\
DONE: ToDo: Creating timer for round scoring -> 24 Feb: started but test fail and it does not update the UI -> DONE 27 Feb 2020\
DONE: - ToDo: Show Score that get added to total score.. replace "Matched!" with score.. and different colors depending on score...0 -> no Score label -> DONE 27 Feb 2020\
\
22 Feb 2020: \
ToDo: Bug Fix: After dealing more cards and switching from portrait to landscape, ui layout does not adjust and app crashes. Main thread issue? \
DONE: - ToDo: Shorten the time when there are no availableSets when cheating. Don't need to run through the animations and their delays -> DONE 22 Feb 2020\
DONE: - ToDo: Increase stroke line width for shapes ... green and blue cannot be easily distinguished. -> DONE 22 Feb 2020\
ToDo: - Don't like the shading if lineWidth is 2 or 3. Maybe change color from green to something else? Red, blue, and ? LinearGrading ?\
\
24 Feb 2020: \
DONE: - ToLearn: timer testing https://medium.com/@isahkaren16/testing-timer-based-features-in-swift-5ecaa4bb0c73 -> Done with this link  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59321364/swift-unit-testing-a-		method-that-includes-timer -> DONE 25 Feb\
DONE: - ToDo: Create timer object that can be deactivated when timer is not needed. -> DONE 27 Feb 2020\
\
27 Feb 2020: \
DONE: - ToDo: Show how many cards in the deck. -> DONE 27 Feb 2020\
DONE: - ToDo: Localization English/German https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YsyHr0eslI -> DONE 27 Feb 2020\
DONE: - ToDo: Try color gradient as card back color -> DONE 27 Feb 2020\
ToDo: When does game stop? Game Over? \
ToDo: Add tests to check business logic in viewmodel/scores... and UI testing pressing buttons... and snapshot tests? score labels? localizestring tests?\
ToDo: Search for App Icon\
\
1 Mar 2020:\
DONE: - ToDo: Let matchedText disappear after first scale rather than enlarge further  -> DONE 1 Mar 2020\
\
2 Mar 2020: \
DONE: - ToDO: Fix check on how many available cards are in all cards not only faceupcard... logic broken? -> DONE 3 Mar 2020\
\
3 Mar 2020: \
ToDo: Bug Fix get Error Alert when cheating? \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}